that long form webinar is still the one
that really converts the highest
we here work extremely well and when you
look at all these people's webinars you
don't have to copy them just look at the
format
the average person an entrepreneur who's
got that business that's you know from
startup to let's say 10 million dollars
a year in Revenue right it's like so
many people are in that in that range
do you think it's best to master
marketing like try to become your own
expert in the whole Facebook game or
does it make more sense to Outsource
that to someone that's an agency like
one of these smaller agencies like is it
really because like I've been and the
reason I ask is almost my own selfish
interest here is that you know I've PL
I've been back and forth with this so
many times already should I do it myself
should I Outsource it to an agency and I
have my own internal marketing
department I have three or four people
in that department right now and I guess
you know we always want to believe in
Santa Claus to someone else that has
some magic bullet that is going to be
even better right so human nature but
what do you think in general do you
think it's better off for the
entrepreneur to try to you know it's
such a crucial aspect of your business
that you really want to master this and
really focus in it yourself or just
Outsource it
so I'm a little bit uh I wouldn't say
bias actually probably I'm gonna give
people the answer they want to hear or
the answer they probably don't think I'm
gonna say but I myself have tons of
agencies we have seven offices around
the world at this point I don't know how
many hundreds and hundreds of employees
work for me but it's a lot where I I've
only even seen two of my offices and
when you think about it I would tell
people when they're starting off because
we get a lot of inbound leads we get
right now around 60 to 70
000 inbound leads that we follow up with
we have over 200 000 that we don't even
follow up with so we get a lot of leads
on the on a monthly basis I always tell
people when you're starting off just
trying to figure things out higher cheap
hire contractors try to do a much
in-house it's not worth hiring an agency
if you're trying to scale though that's
when I think it's worth it if you
already have something that's working
you already have an internal team
they're doing well but you want to try
to figure out how to double triple I
think it's worth hiring an agency but I
never recommend people to go with
agencies when they're trying to figure
things out because the agency has too
much overhead too high expenses
you just don't get a great Roi but when
you already are at scale in many cases
they have better relationships with the
platforms you're seeing what other
people are doing they can bring you fuel
to the fire and help you grow faster and
increase your margins and profitability
but when you're starting off
they're just going to eat away at your
costs and it's not worth it
that agency model there are many
different
um compensation structures I've seen you
know they want a retainer someone a
percentage of the ad spend
um some I've seen 100 percentage of the
profits right what do you think is the
one that makes the sen make sense for
the most people or or does it really is
it depends on the situation
I look at it as profitability if they
can end up breaking down to you how much
it's going to cost and what results
they're going to provide and how much
money you can make and if the numbers
pencil out do it and sometimes you have
to get creative whether that's a
percentage of AD spend or a retainer or
a performance base there's no right or
wrong answer on the model it's more so
the right or wrong answers based on the
profitability and how it can scale when
it's related to ads usually people end
up just doing a percentage of spend but
you should expect that percentage of
spend to go down as a campaign spends
more and more money because someone's
spending 100 Grand a month and someone's
spending a million
cost wise you don't have to put in 10
times more people to manage a million a
month than you do for a hundred grand a
month no doubt yeah and the same goes if
you're spending 80 million like we have
some clients that we work with and some
of these guys are spending 80 100
million dollars a year literally just on
like Google ads so it's like it has to
be efficient
um but the way I look at it is purely
based on Roi if you can provide a better
Roi then the company can get themselves
and they're happy with it it's a win-win
if you can't then you shouldn't be
taking their money
let's let's let's start from the
beginning and create like almost a
hypothetical company right on the online
space and you're selling XYZ
um let's say information product in
something right so it's not a
deliverable what will be the first thing
that you would do if it was your company
you're starting a new company you're
selling some sort of information product
not a Biz op not a business opportunity
but an actual some sort of uh training
course or something you know how to okay
how would you go what would be the first
thing that you would do in terms of the
marketing perspective so I would go to
YouTube
I would search for Russell Brunson
webinar formula
I would also then go check out Russ
raffino
and Russ Ruffino has a webinar and I
would go to Yahoo Russ profino
Rafi are you refino yeah ff-i-n-o I
believe okay and then I would then check
out Sam Evans who also has a webinar
some of them are in bizop and I'm not
saying you should do bizop but the
formula and how they create their
webinar and take you from the journey
all the way to educating you getting you
excited and then selling to you I think
is works for pretty much any product
whether it's e-commerce B2B b2c info
doesn't matter right and I know this
we're specifically talking about info
but you can talk about info for training
you can talk about info for
coaching whatever it may be right the
only reason I didn't say Biz op is I I'm
I get a bit like negative on that space
because there's so many charlatans in
that space that it disturbs me so I just
want I didn't want to like I'm not
saying there's anything wrong with this
so very good Biz Ops out there but not
that many you know but no I'm not a fan
you understand what I mean yeah
yeah the like like no you're not really
gonna teach me how to make 100 million
dollars if that was the case you just go
do it yourself and not teach anyone
exactly
exactly once you have the webinar
formula down then what I would do is you
create your own webinar you have your
own offering and there's a lot of
software that can help you do it like
webinar Jam so you get that up and going
and literally you just do a PowerPoint
you record over it using QuickTime or
any free software out there and then
from there what I would do is I would go
to Facebook's ad Library that's a
library that Facebook has that shows you
everyone's ads literally everyone's ads
and you can see which ones are working
well which ones aren't and then from
there just go to your competitors look
at their ads
create something that's similar and
start throwing it up that's how it
starts from day one because you're
starting off of something that works for
someone else in your space
okay so basically develop a model right
so those are saying so you believe that
the best way to sell information is
still through a webinar
sadly yes and the reason I say sadly is
because it takes more time to create a
webinar than does it throw up a landing
page but sadly it is
and yeah I mean I guess some of those
you know it's interesting because I went
through this process many years ago when
I was first decided to get back into
this industry and and I've been out of
it for a few years and I said okay let's
see what everyone's doing and I heard
some of these webinars and one of them
was Sam Evans I was like oh my God I was
like to me I found it offensive because
of all the nonsense in there and I knew
that the offer itself was wasn't
legitimate he ended up going out of
business you know it disappeared but I
understand what you're saying in terms
of the actual formula itself of how they
go out and explain something and
condition the market and and is that so
you're talking about in terms of sort of
this overarching philosophy of like an
hour and a half because I was like wow
it's an hour and a half long it's uh it
just seemed to me and again because I
the talks I'm not the average person
watching I'm I'm looking at from
Discerning Eye of like someone looking
to learn something about duplicating it
so are you saying that for the person
that's actually out there potentially
buying a product that hour in that long
form webinar is still the one that
really converts the highest we see it
work extremely well and when you look at
all these people's webinars you don't
have to copy them just look at the
format and then you can adapt it to your
industry your product that you're
selling and you don't have to sell as
hard you can sell based on stats and
real data whatever it may be that you're
going after right it just works see
selling an info product to cold traffic
without a webinar they don't get to know
you as well and unless you have sales
people which is fine too and I think
that's great but most people suck at
hiring sales people and they suck at
selling
um hopefully with you they learn those
two things but if you don't know those
things and you don't have the money to
hire people and you don't you can't do
sales yourself or you don't have the
time and you don't want to learn it
webinar is the easiest approach because
then you're building that Rapport of
that connection and funny enough if you
take a lot of your sales strategies and
your tactics and you include them in a
webinar probably convert even better
there were a lot of more or it's
interesting when I you know a lot of
this stuff is is baked in there and
essentially and it's really you know to
me Mark marketing that sort of you know
that online marketing it's really a
straight line sale it's just that it's a
one-sided conversation you're
anticipating objections and looping and
sort of like you know having these the
reason it's so long is because you're
imagining them you know there's all
these different calls to action along
the way so it's like almost people said
you know if you ask for the order at the
one hour walk and then you go another 45
minutes well guess what that's objection
handling you've asked for the order they
didn't buy you keep talking and you try
a different approach that you ask for
the order again and again and again so
there might be four or five different
closes in that long webinar so they are
very similar at the end of the day I
guess you know for me though what what
do you think it is though that
causes some people to just break out
like online when you see just
occasionally you see a new breakout
winner online is it anything you can
look at with some of these younger
people in their 20s and uh 30s that have
just you know they come in and they do
something is it typically is it the
quality of their products are just more
than marketing tactics that make them
break out
It's usually the quality of their
product or something unique about them
that you can't replicate
and what I mean by that is this is an
extreme example it can't really
replicate
Kylie Jenner with her you know makeup
line you can't really replicate Logan
and Jake Paul who you know they had a
great formula for doing well but they
did it early enough it was just the
right time right place if I go copy
Logan and Jake Paul and I created a
replica literally right now they
wouldn't do it as well just because it
was wrong timing they got in early
enough where it was like cool sexy where
everyone wanted to end up doing it you
know sure a good product good service
helps but I think a lot of it is just
luck and timing
so timing is a critical Factor here yes
do you think that
it pays for someone to look at it like
that like those
on some level it seems like a bit
disingenuous when someone's like being
extreme and Wild for the sake of being
extreme and wild just because they want
to somehow capture views and and you
know the the Zeitgeist of the moment but
is that is that true or natural in other
words is it sour grapes more on people's
pots oh look at them they're not for
real they're not authentic it's all what
does it matter you know what I'm getting
at here there's like a lot of resentment
towards like I know some of these young
Tick Tock boys right and people like
just hate them they hate them like they
just like they just think it's not real
it's not authentic it's garbage they'll
be flashes in the pan I don't really buy
that like I think that you know if you
look okay it's easy for someone to get
famous for a moment but those that can
maintain that thing like the Kardashians
how could you say that they're not
talented at this point I mean anyone
that can capture the public attention
for that long that's Brilliance in my
mind as a marketer and a business person
it's not like just uh nonsense it's real
so but a lot of people don't think that
and and what do you think what is your
stand on that yeah I look at it as if
you can maintain and you can keep going
you're doing something right the
Kardashians not only have maintained it
but they continually monetize it in many
many different ways and literally almost
every single one in their family it's a
formula that works for them uh but
there's a lot of opportunities that
you're going to get out there
to just you know have your 10 seconds of
Fame and just capture that audience and
you're gonna get some hate usually when
you do those things it's not going to be
oh you're going to get all the fame and
business that goes with it no one's
gonna hate on you
you have to end up deciding where if
it's worth it for you or not and usually
if you can maintain it and you feel it's
ethical and you can keep generating
revenue on it go for it you can't please
everyone in business
um but a lot of it it's just like when
you think about like The Tick Tock and
all that it doesn't matter what content
you create on Tick Tock if you just go
on Tick Tock right now you'll do well
just because the platform's so new that
they want everyone to be popular and log
in because they know what feeds their
ego the more followers you have the more
it feeds your ego the more likely you
are to keep using tick tock then
eventually when they have to make a lot
of money as a business things will
change and then
less people start jumping off
do you think there's a formula though
that you could be taught like how to
become
famous or let's say you know uh not just
famous but how do you become like an
influencer so to speak is it formulaic
at this point or more is it is it more
hit or miss you know I'm driving out of
here like is there a way you could
actually you know someone's 21 all right
I want to do this and like you know I
live in in middle of of XYZ
nowheresville and I'm though still gonna
come famous what's my first step I open
up an account obviously but what do I do
is there some sort of formula for this
uh you know of the formula anyone who
tells you their formula I really do
because I've seen it enough it genuinely
is hit or miss and then on top of that
they need a lot of luck in timing what I
mean by that is you can copy the formula
but if Facebook's or Instagram's
algorithm has changed where they're not
going to give you the reach and likes
good luck doing what Logan and Jake Paul
or some of those people who posted half
naked pictures did to get all their
followers it's not going to work these
days because everyone's already doing
that stuff so you gotta be at the right
time right place create the right
content and what worked you know for Dan
Bilzerian isn't going to work for a URI
right it's old been there done that not
gonna work anymore because
you know Dan bilzern wasn't the first
person or maybe if he was a first he
wasn't the last and there's probably
another thousand people are doing the
exact same thing as him well I was doing
that before it was even on there was an
internet
there was that went to that back then
thank God by the way thank the Lord I'll
tell you what we'll live also thank God
there was no cameras in every phone
because God knows what I've been filmed
oh my God who even knows right it's a
different world well I guess my question
though is
um
here's the parallel when I first started
getting into the uh online education
world it was 2009 and back then there
was a group of people you probably
remember then they called themselves The
Syndicate do you remember that it was
like Frank Kern and my and uh and
um Evans all those guys right and uh
Andy Jenkins may he rest in peace I
loved Andy Jenkins right and a bunch of
guys very smart guys all of them right
and they made their livings or they they
built their business based on constant
cross promotions it was almost like they
had this little launch collusion
strategy I don't mean collusion in a in
a bad ways it's probably the wrong word
but they had to sort of symbiotic
relation where they would each mail to
each other's things and and endorse and
co-endors to create social proof and
they built their all their businesses
around the sort of mutually understood
pack they wouldn't you know cannibalize
each other's launches and so forth that
probably lasted for a few years right
and then it just sort of dissipated as
other people just you know poured into
the market and that's even before
Facebook was even even there was no ads
back then at the point as crazy as that
sounds it was all email marketing and
stuff like that right
um so but that that strategy of you know
using someone else's followers to build
your followers then was that big thing
it seemed like a few years ago
um in Instagram and Facebook that was a
big deal is
and stuff like that people are doing
that is that still the way or they or is
Facebook it's gonna just cut that off or
they don't really allow they don't give
you the reach anymore so it's like
almost unless you're paying to have it I
might have a million and some odd
followers but unless I'm gonna pay they
won't let me hit my followers you know
what I'm saying how is that working
these days yeah so they're publicly
traded company so they gotta hit their
quarterly earnings and they know that if
you're gonna do all those shout out for
shouts and they make it easy for you to
go to profile what's gonna happen to the
ad Revenue gonna go down you don't need
to pay him so what do they do they
tighten it up and say yeah you know
shout outs for shout outs leveraging
other influencers it worked will still
make it work but it may work only one
tenth of what it worked before and if
you want that extra 90 give us money
cough it up right
what's the best way if you want to build
your followers what do you think let's
talk about Instagram first what's the
best way to build your followers is it
through that those giveaways they're
doing now those swaps that you see where
you know just if you follow these 99
people and win a prize you what do you
think of that whole business so I I
think it's a terrible thing to do and
here's why the way these algorithms work
is based on engagement more than
anything else so what percent of your
audience your followers engage with you
so I'm not talking about see when you do
that giveaway you'll get a ton of
follows and those people will even get
engaged on your first few photos but
after a week or two or a month what's
gonna happen those people are barely
going to engage on your content
so then Instagram will look at it as
being like huh got a hundred thousand
followers now you went from one thousand
to a hundred thousand but on average
you're only getting 200 or 300 likes per
photo
they're gonna be like something's wrong
here no one cares for your content
that's a signal that it sends them so
then what they do is they say there's
nothing wrong with the followers there's
something wrong with your content so now
when you create some amazing pieces of
content whether it's a video an image a
story they're like we're barely going to
show it to people because no one cares
to engage with you so it actually hurts
you in the long run the best way to grow
is to get the right type of followers
you don't need the most amount of
followers you need the most engaged
followers because then that causes your
content to spread vitally within their
social network which encrypt The
Snowball Effect and gets you to have
more and more followers so the best one
on Instagram to do this is you go live
and not just live but think of this
podcast you and I are recording right
now okay we're live we can see each
other on camera why not go live on
Instagram have the same thing where
we're talking to each other because what
happens is my followers will get to know
you your followers will get to know me
Instagram and all these social networks
push that really hard because they're
trying to compete with live TV and take
their market share
and you'll notice that your follower
accounts go up and it's with the right
people they get to know you you've warm
them up you've built that Rapport
they're going to engage in the future
and they're going to convert when you
sell them stuff